a huge night tonight guys Allison and I
are fired up huge game downstate Ben
Davis Warren Central number one versus
number two will talk about that plus all
the local games and Notre Dame preview
it's all coming up next this is sports
section your big game highlight of the
night and hit of the night here's Fox 28
sports director dean Hubbert and allison
hey hello everybody what a great weekend
for football the NFL is finally back
College has some great matchups and of
course if you love high school football
you're at the right place that's right
of course later we'll preview Notre Dame
in penn state will have tonight's pep
rally but will also show you the
exclusive video from last night's
student rally on campus with coach Weiss
yeah first up hey let's go mile north of
the golden dome for the Fox 28 big game
how about this game st. Joe against
merion both undefeated both in the top
ten in class 3a the Indians they've won
five of the last six against their big
rivals but one of those marion's wins
was in week 3 of the season a year ago
yeah 48 to 14 the Knights won last year
in the regular season I would ago this
year oh look at that yeah Reggie Brooks
former Notre Dame star he's an assistant
on the st. Joe team like a Joseph
McClintock getting a safety here oh my
goodness what a way to start for the
Indians up to 20 yeah they love that
Jordan Taylor then gets the call take
set up the middle he's gone 40 yards
look at him taking it all the way down
there then Taylor he took it there he's
gonna take it to the house after the
fake he is in there so it's
20 st. Joe up Marion could only muster a
field goal Henzel Penske makes it
through so it's 92 3 at half time then
st. James taking the feet long time ago
let's get fired up and they were right
here another touchdown run by Taylor he
was later pull a hamstring st. Joe wins
1553 well I was a physical hard fought
game by both sides I thought that the
line play on both sides is really
intense and I was proud of the offensive
line our offensive line for doing a good
job most of the night I don't know how
important this is for your team as far
as a morale boost well it's huge
especially with the supposed coming in
three you know everybody had momentum so
really it was just a chance to get out
and have a hard-fought game I think they
did a great job of getting off to a fast
start and then for us with coming away
at the victory now it's time to limply
build a little confidence and then get
into the middle part of our schedule